hello youtube friends in this video my
several friends and I will go to kill the
mom of cj hey remind me why are we going
to do this if I really like the
lady because the 99 good programs in
the TV and also a movie comes
the channel is coming without today the story
a joke motors employment contributing
jokes and I'm also very drugged for
hear your idiocies if you would notice shocks
that with a post and you've noticed
another turn of that and moved the tacos that
gomis no longer almost good
I felt like going to the bathroom but if
you went before coming intermediate
Chorillo totana plays if you play and I
I'm staying here, I'm going to go to the bathroom
The work is good and the
difficult part to enter the house now the
I have to find how the fuck opens
This fucking door bites
hot this is for moving corpse made the
10 dead and good and so much emotion
It made me want to go to the bathroom as well
that he with his permission and well still not
I should have taken so much water from Jamaica
it makes you want to go to the god bank
I think that I too
the tacos fell badly I started to
hurt a lot but no matter what
nice house has lady johnson what
that he just killed damn retarded
in the corner it was a ghost that
but I'm not the good producer
Fuck you fuck you I'm the one who pays you
well I'm sorry god chief of mine I think
I'm going to throw up the tacos
with a cockroach the like soy man
they give so much disgust tumor animal of evil
I'm going to crush you, dies, miserable
animal of obese evil up to rhythm no
try to escape anyway are
lost guards I'm going to take my
weapon and I'm going to fill you with holes so
I'm going to live with this and this damn thing like
you're going to die that I finally could you
you better kill me the flame go
is the old lady but to be more
sure death of cj mom if i am
better than the oldtimer
shit came the cop hear mister of
you have in this neighborhood is not allowed
kill old ladies fuck diego wait for me
do not leave me behind and all the idiots that
so much you do fagot
Hurry, I was cleaning myself up
you're going to stain the bastard seat ear
what happens because you stop so soon
because I'm urinating but not
you were a few minutes ago but with the
police pressure they gave me again
you want to hear you should go with a doctor
obese is not so normal anymore you should go
with the fucked up a madman for you
check
and calm that there comes the poor
Hurry to urinate or we will load the
clown to hear you two is not
allowed to urinate in the public area
take this leave my friend or take your
I deserved to charge or I peed my shoes
new good that's all god catches
fire